1. Why are there three types of iteration constructs if we can make any one of them behave the same way?
   Refer to your code in this workshop to help backup your answer (do NOT include the code in your answer).
   Typically, when working with arrays, there is one iteration construct we favour – what is it and explain
   why it is more preferred over the other options.

Ans-->  We uses three different loops because each of them have different use cases.
     - we use 'for' loop mostly when we know how many times the block of code is going to execute.
     - we use 'while' loop when we have to repeat a block of code until a certain condition become false or true.
     - we use 'do-while' loop as the same way of 'while' loop but difference is in this loop the block of code
       will be executed at least once

    --> Refering to arrays we mostly use 'for' loop because it allow us to iterate whole array with an index
        variable. We do not have to increment the iteration variable manually and check the condition when to 
        break it.
        But in while and do-while loop we have to do above mentioned points manually.

2. Describe what you did to both test and debug your program. How did you go about finding where the
   problems were located (explain how you did this for both syntactic and semantic problems)?        

Ans--> Testing: for testing my program i used lot of different sample input cases apart from given in the
                workshop from which i can ensure that code is working as expected or not.   

   --> Debug: First i run the code if there is any error which compiler encounters then first i see in which 
              line the error is coming then i figure out either it is a syntactic or symmantic error.

            - for syntactic error i read the error message and go to the line where error encountered and then
              i see what i am missing in syntax (comma, parenthisis, semicolon or anything else).

            - for symmantic error it can be seen in the output if it is not as expected. i look up for 
              what caused it either i have given wrong data-type or my array is declared for only 3 elements
              and i tried to store 5 or anything else. even i use some debugging extentions to make work easy.

3. When attempting to submit your work, you receive the following error feedback from the submitter:
   Checking output:
        In line number 6 of your output:
        The output should be:
        Enter your monthly NET income: $0
                                        ^
        Enter your monthly NET income: $567.89
        ^
        Unmatched character details:
        The character in column 33 is supposed to be:
          [0] ASCII code(48)
        but you printed
          [5] ASCII code(53)
        Outputs don't match. Submission aborted!
        To see exactly what is wrong, open the following two files in this
        directory and compare them:
        Your output file:    output.txt
        Correct output file: w6p2_master_output.txt
        But your output is:
   Using the above explicit information, explain each step you must take to successfully identify and fix your error.              
             
Ans-->
    This is simple it is the error saying i mistakenly enterd 0 in the input where it must be 5 and the output
    does not match.
    - Form here i go back and run the code again and try to enter 567.89 in the line 33 so i can get the 
      expected output and error can be solved.
                  